No, something's wrong
Getting along these days
I can feel that anorexia is real to me
And he clearly knew Gu
Siya is the one who framed me back then
How could he possibly go out with him behind my back?
Ye Shiqing trusted me unconditionally
I should have trusted him, too
I should go back and listen to him explain
Hello, the user you dialed is temporarily unavailable.
Please call again later sorry.
You are so strange
Why has the phone been unanswered?
Please dial again later.
Is Mengmengyan still in the company?
I haven't been able to get through to him.
Sister Qingqing, don't you know yet?
Mr. Yan had a car accident
They are being sent to the hospital for emergency treatment. What?
How is the nurse's night vision goggles?
It's the man who just had car accident surgery
It's still being rescued.
Is it serious?
After all, it's the head, do you think it's heavy?
Gu Qingqing, you broom star
If my son has three long and two short
I'm not done with you